README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Mystogam!

🎓 **Student in Computer Science**  
💻 **Languages:** C++, currently attempting to learn swift  
🌱 **Learning through experience – I blossom best under real challenges.**

---

## 🚀 About Me

I’m a passionate computer science student with a love for hands-on problem solving. I thrive when thinking on my feet, especially when tackling tough coding challenges or exploring new technologies. I believe the best growth comes from practical experience.

---

## 🏆 Featured Repositories

- [📚 Library-CSIS-135](https://github.com/Mystogam/Library-CSIS-135) 
- [🚀 Swift Code Fundamentals](https://github.com/Mystogam/Swift-Code-Fundamentals)

---

## 🧠 Strengths

- Quick, adaptive problem-solving
- Eager to learn and grow through experience
- Great understanding of Teamwork

---

## 🎮 Hobbies & Interests

- **Gaming:** League of Legends, Stellaris, Warhammer 40k, Space Marine 2
- **Futurist:** Dreaming up ways AI can turn game development on its head in a positive way
---

## 🌟 Goal

> **I aspire to create AI tools that empowers both indie and AAA developers to craft better, more intuitive gaming experiences for all.**  
> One day, I want to be at the frontier where creativity, code, and intelligent systems meet to shape the future of gaming.

---

Thanks for visiting! 🚀  
*Let’s build something awesome together.*

Commit message:

some new touches to the vocab here and there. including the addition of goals

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Mystogam!

🎓 **Student in Computer Science**  
💻 **Languages:** C++, currently attempting to learn swift  
🌱 **Learning through experience – I blossom best under real challenge.**

---

## 🚀 About Me

I’m a passionate computer science student with a love for hands-on problem solving. I thrive when under pressure, especially when tackling tough coding challenges or exploring new technology that I have to familiar myself with. I believe the best growth comes from practical experience, something that I believe can be replicated in a controlled enviornment.

---

## 🏆 Featured Repositories

- [📚 Library-CSIS-135](https://github.com/Mystogam/Library-CSIS-135) 
- [🚀 Swift Code Fundamentals](https://github.com/Mystogam/Swift-Code-Fundamentals)

---

## 🧠 Strengths & Skills

- Quick/Adaptive problem-solving
- Eager to learn and grow through experience
- Great understanding of Teamwork

---

## 🎮 Hobbies & Interests

- **Gaming:** League of Legends, Stellaris, Warhammer 40k, Space Marine 2
- **Futurist:** Dreaming up ways AI can turn game development on its head in a positive way that would be accepted by even art purists

---

## 🌟 Goals

> **I aspire to create AI tools that empowers both indie and AAA developers to craft better, more intuitive and diverse gaming experiences for all**  
> One day, I want to be at the frontier where creativity, code, and intelligent systems meet to shape the future of gaming.
> To be able to make my own compiler
> Be the developer and person that others feel comftorble to reach out towards for help

---

Thanks for visiting! 🚀  
*Let’s build something awesome together.*
